Dear Madam/Sir,

We, MarkScan, have been duly authorized by Sony Interactive Entertainment, 10 Great Marlborough Street, London W1F 7LP (Referred as "Our Client") to issue this notice to you under the provisions the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, and the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998 (DMCA) whereunder the service providers are to be held strictly liable for the acts of their users are required to cease access to the copyright material, immediately upon being put to notice of the infringement.

Our Client is the owner of the following copyright work(s), hereinafter referred to as "copyright work(s)":

Marvel's Spider-Man 2

Documentary proof to show that the copyright work(s) belong(s) to our client can be accessed on: https://www.playstation.com/.

We have found material on your website which infringes the copyright of our client in the above works. The infringing material comprises the above-mentioned Games title. Below is/are the URL(s) on which the infringing material can be accessed (hereinafter infringing material(s)):

| Title Name | Tracker | Infohash |
| ---------- | ------- | -------- |
| Marvel's Spider-Man 2 | https://tracker.renfei.net:443/announce | 9B6604CC80F7701721C0C23BF416748D78CCA06E |
| Marvel's Spider-Man 2 | http://tracker.renfei.net:8080/announce | 9B6604CC80F7701721C0C23BF416748D78CCA06E |

Below is the Torrent web-page URL(s) for your reference which provide the tracker info_hash id to infringe the content on their platform:

https://1337x.to/torrent/6325155/Marvel-s-Spider-Man-2-Digital-Deluxe-Edition-v1-130-1-0-v1-131-0-0-2-DLCs-Unlocker-Bonus-Soundtrack-MULTi26-FitGirl-Repack-Selective-Download-from-64-5-GB/
https://1337x.to/torrent/6325155/Marvel-s-Spider-Man-2-Digital-Deluxe-Edition-v1-130-1-0-v1-131-0-0-2-DLCs-Unlocker-Bonus-Soundtrack-MULTi26-FitGirl-Repack-Selective-Download-from-64-5-GB/

We understand in good faith & belief that the use of the copyright work(s) described above in the infringing material(s) of which the URL(s) have been provided above, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent(s), or the law.

We hereby request you to immediately remove and /or disable access to the infringing material(s) from your website.

We, under penalty of perjury, state that the information in this Notice is accurate, and state that we are authorized to act on behalf of our client who is the exclusive owner of the copyright that is being infringed. We further declare that the information in this is correct to the best of our belief.

DIGITAL SIGNATURE FOR COPYRIGHT CLAIM
Ishita Singh
MarkScan Digital IP Pvt. Ltd.
Email: internet_enforcement@markscan.in
E-14C, 1st Floor, Sector-8,
NOIDA, U.P. -201301, INDIA.
Website: markscan.co.in.

COPYRIGHT OWNERS:
Sony Interactive Entertainment, 10 Great Marlborough Street, London W1F 7LP

Regards,
MarkScan Internet Enforcement Team

Disclaimer: This e-mail and any documents, files, or previous email messages appended or attached to it may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden.